The next patient comes over
It's better, just go back and drink two pairs of medicine
Next
The fever has subsided, and my son has really subsided.
Ah, much better.
But these days, there will be symptoms similar to wind chill.
Like coughing, runny nose, etc.
Just go back and drink a few more medicines
The empress is really a god
Thank you, Empress, thank you, Empress, get up, get up, get up
Ah!
Empress
Are you all right?
It's okay, I've taken preventive medicine like you
But I haven't slept well these days.
Just go back and rest.
It's drying out like this.
Can you really, really live here?
The land is dry like this
I don't think so, girl
We have all been here in Bailing County for more than half a month
Can plants really grow on this place?